# Entry 1: Choosing + Tinkering Tool
##### 11/08/2022

During the past few weeks of school, I had been brainstorming what I want to make for my freedom project: website? games? apps? I have always been obsessed with making my own game so I tried coming up with several game ideas I wanted to make. After few days of brainstorming, I came up with a main idea and a backup which was making a hide and seek game or a two player collaboration game where the goal of the game is to get the keys and move to the next level. After deciding on what to make, it is time for me to browse and choose a tool from the [tool list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oJFrErlAZvB-0V923QGOm4X3CwiceJsKot2R6Jz8Mdc/preview). Before confirming which tool to use, I started to tinker and look at examples that were made using each of these tools that were given to me. I found out that [threejs](https://threejs.org/) is a perfect tool for me since it is good for visualizing objects in 3D. With this tool, I can create and display animated 3D graphics in my browser using WebGL. I have found many projects that were similar to my idea of the game I wanted to make. After viewing all these projects, my idea for the game had changed a little. Instead of making a 3D map and the user trying to find the other player, I was thinking to make the player move around the map, collecting stars. However, I still have not decided how the game is going to work exactly. 

I am currently on stage 2 of the EDP (Engineering Design Process) where the main goal is researching. I had been researching and coming up with a game I wanted to make. I have also developed many skills throughout these few weeks. Some skills that I have developed are collaboration, communication, and consideration. Since I am doing this project with a partner, I had to articulate ideas to my partner and communicate with each other. I have improved skills on consideration because I am making a game which are meant to be used by other people for entertainment. 

[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
